Now let's create our function package, and then using
the AWS CLI, create our function.
So first, I'm going to use the setup.sh file to create a virtual environment,
install all our dependencies, and then create our function
package after zipping all those dependencies up.
Now,
you can also use the windows_setup.bat file if you're on a
Windows system. On a Linux or a Mac,
you'll stick to setup.sh. So I'll type out ./setup.sh and hit Enter.
Now, this should go through the process of creating a virtual environment.
I'm going to close out this prompt from VS Code,
which happens every time a virtual environment is created, and this
will add all the different code and dependencies that are required
for this function, and then it'll output that in a package.zip file
that it zipped up and compressed.
So with this package.zip file, we're ready for the next step.
So I'm going to clear the screen here, and let's see what IAM roles
we have available in our account. To do this,
I'm going to run aws iam, for Identity and Access Management, list‑roles.
Now this should list out all the custom roles that we
created thus far in the course.
Now you'll see that I have a testrole here, and if I scroll up past a few
of these other roles, I also have a role for Sparrow,
which is kind of hard to see because it goes across the screen.
And if I keep scrolling up,
I have one more role for a Lambda canary function, which we created before that.
And finally, at the very top here, you should see a gpc_cuckoo_role. Now,
this is the one I'm going to need for this function, so I'm going to copy this
role ARN value here because we'll need that to specify which role is going to be
associated with this function when we create it.
So let's go ahead and clear the screen here now, and next, I'm going
to need to create the function with a new command.
I'm going to use the aws lambda create‑function command, and now I'm
going to pass in a bunch of information to it.
I'm going to put a space here and then a backslash, and on UNIX
systems, this should allow me to click Enter without having that
enter be interpreted as finishing the command.
Instead, I can now type out what else I want in this command.
So I'll do ‑‑function‑name, and then we'll name this function.
And I'm going to be really particular with this to make sure that I can
use it in later commands too, so I'll do gpc_cuckoo.
Now, if you're going to name it anything different,
just make sure you're writing that down so you can use it later on and
replace my name from my function with whatever yours is. I'll do a space
and another backslash, then I'll hit Enter, and we can specify the runtime
for this function using the runtime flag.
Now, I want to create one that's in the Python 3.7 runtime because that's
what I've been testing with on my local operating system.
Then I'll do another space and another backslash here. And
now we can type in the role flag here,
and we need to paste in that ARN that we copied from
earlier, so I'm going to include it here.
That's why we copied it exactly as it appeared from
that aws iam list‑roles command.
And I'll do another space and another backslash, we'll hit Enter,
and now we can give the handler flag and see how we want to
reference the function code using the handler.
So because we have cuckoo.py,
we're going to start with cuckoo, and then we have to look for
the function inside of Cuckoo that we want,
which we know is called handler.
So this should be what we need for this handler file.
Now I'll do space and one more backslash.
And on this final part of the command,
we're going to use this to specify where the code is for this function.
Now, there's multiple ways to specify it, but in this case,
I'm going to do zip‑file,
which will let me specify a ZIP file in a local directory or up in S3
that'll be associated with the function package.
So to input to here, if I want to specify a local file, I'll need to
enter it in this format. It's going to start with fileb, as in file
binary, and then do ://, and that'll be kind of the prefix structure
of my function package's location,
and then I can see the current directory for dot, and it's going
to be located at the location of package.zip.
So this is a little confusing why we're doing it in this structure, but
that's just the way the AWS CLI create function operation for Lambda
expects to see the location of the package.
Now,
there's nothing else I need to add here, so I'm going
to hit Enter. And after a moment,
we should get a response that looks about like this.
This means we've been successful in creating our function.
And if we wanted to test that this had worked properly,
we could go back to the AWS Console.
So back over here in the AWS Console,
we can go to the Lambda section of the dashboard, and now you see that we
have this new gpc_cuckoo function. Now that's just created a few seconds ago
when we ran that command. We could go in here,
and we could look at its configuration, and we notice that it took the exact
same values that we expected from the inputs that we gave it.
It's looking for cuckoo.handler in order to find it's Lambda handler,
and it's also using the runtime that we set for it.
Now, it's uploaded the function package already for us and
currently allows us to edit this inline.
Now, there's a few things that are missing though. We're
missing the triggers for this function,
and we need to be able to configure those so that it'll continue to run. So in the next video, let's look at how we can add those with the AWS CLI.